The Joe Rogan experience.
We were talking today or yesterday,
rather with Russell Peters about when was the last time you saw a good comedy
movie and can you make a good comedy movie anymore or have they,
have they made it so dangerous in terms of like being canceled that comedy
movies are no longer something you can do.
There's a movie called I think it's called the overnighters.
I might need a double check on that. The guy, I think his name is Adam Scott.
Is that a guy? A comic actor. And then, um,
who's the guy from Rushmore. Who's great. Jason Schwartzman.
It's Jason Schwartzman and Adam Scott. I think it's called the overnighters.
And it's hilarious.
How long ago did you come out? Ah.
I might need a check on that too. Maybe five years ago.
It was about the cutoff. It's a.
Really low budget all in one place movie. And it's like hysterical. I think.
I would wonder, like, what is the cutoff in terms of like,
when was the last time of really good?
They over overnight it's 2015. Yeah.
Like when was the last time there was like an edgy comedy.
This one's not edgy, but, but it's good. I mean, I guess there's some,
it depends on what edgy means. So many different things to different people,
but it's really.
You know what I watched the other day super bad. Yeah. That's holy.
You could never make that movie too.
It's amazing. How many things? Just a few years later,
I mean the new bore ad I thought was pretty funny. Oh yeah.
Yeah, yeah. That, but that's a weird one, right? Like he figured out a loophole,
you kind of doing parody and you're doing this thing where you're freaking
people out, like when she has her period at the dance off. Right. You know,
like there's,
there's things that he could get away with in that it's a beautiful genre in
that regard. Right. You,
you could do stuff in a kind of parody movie that you can't do in a regular
movie.
But don't you find there's never been, maybe I'm wrong.
I feel like maybe I'm such a comedy that I'm like,
don't you feel like there's not never been a ton of great comedy films.
I feel like there's like a few addicted.
Um, it's hard to do movie.
Like I watched stepbrothers stepbrothers the other night.
It's another movie you could never do today. It's I think it's hard to do those.
Like some people just like Judd,
Apatow's really good at making those kinds of moves or was really good.
I don't know if he's made one of those kinds of movies in a while,
but those like really ridiculous over the top movies,
but the language and the subject matter.
And it's like the stuff that they talk about and say to each other,
I just don't think you can do that today. Or if you did do that,
you would face a tremendous amount of criticism, even though most people agree.
Like if you would try to watch stepbrother today, rock solid, funny movie, man.
Really funny. Right. I was crying, like crying, laughing.
There's some really funny moments in that movie where you're like,
I forgot how good this is when he rubs his balls over the dudes drum set. Right?
Like there's so many of these moments where you're like, this is so crazy, but.
It feels like now people are getting more comedy from podcasts and stand up
than movies because it's making, like, I watched the Oscars and like,
they didn't even make a joke.
There was like zero jokes because everybody's so afraid to.
This year.
I think there was no host. It was just like, uh, we just bring people up.
I mean, they weren't even like attempting to do jokes.
The only jokes were the voiceover lady that says like,
stay tuned coming up, Brad Pitt. I swear to God Brad Pitt's coming.
That was like the only attempt at humor. It was like really.
Well, the,
when Kevin Hart didn't do it because they wanted him to apologize for
jokes that were homophobic for many years ago. Um, and he said, look,
I'm not going to do this. I've already apologized for those jokes. I evolved.
I grew, I'm not the same person anymore. And that's fine. I don't need to do it.
You know? And then they didn't have a host that year, I believe.
And I think that's it. I don't think they've had a host since then. Right?
Ah, I don't know. You might be right about that.
I know the one year they had two,
it was James Franco and Anne Hathaway hosted it.
Cause they did none comics,
but it does feel like right now it's like rude to even try
to be funny on that high level. It's very bizarre.
I was listening to a podcast the other day that I love.
That's sort of like a mental health podcast.
And this lady was telling the host who was like a straight white guy.
He was like, I'm learning about privilege. And he was saying,
even my self-deprecating humor is a little bit offensive
because it's my privilege to do self-deprecating humor.
Because as a straight white male, people assume I'm joking,
but other people couldn't make such jokes because of whatever
history.
And they were literally discussing earnestly how straight white
men shouldn't really try to be funny.
There was that guy castrato.
It felt a little [inaudible]. I mean, it was just a really bizarre conversation.
You can never be woke enough. That's the problem. It keeps going,
keeps going further and further and further down the line.
And if you get to the point where you capitulate,
where you agree to all these demands,
it will eventually get to straight white men are not allowed to talk, right.
Because it's your privilege to express yourself when other people of color have
been silenced throughout history, it will be,
you're not allowed to go outside because so many people were imprisoned for so
many years. I mean, I'm not joking. No, I know.
I know it really we'll get there. It's that crazy? You know,
we just gotta be nice to each other man.
And there's a lot of people that are taking advantage of this
weirdness in our culture. And then that becomes their thing.
Their thing is calling people out for their privilege,
calling people out for their position, you know, it's so
crazy times. Yeah.
Yeah. Most definitely.
But I do feel like there's more there's it's feels like I hear more people sort
of speaking out against that kind of stuff.
Then I hear from people saying that's a good idea.
Like I think there's way more people that are like what that's insane. Well,
especially in our circles. True. Yeah. Maybe I'm in a bubble. I don't know.
Yeah. I mean, we were definitely in a comedy bubble. I mean, this is what we do.
We talk. Right. You know, when you talk and you see something stupid like that,
like I was a straight white man. I shouldn't be self-deprecating like.
Yeah. I mean, I'm in a lot of trouble if we can't do that, but.
We're humans. If you're a human being, you should be able to express yourself.
You shouldn't have to take into account all the other people that are either
not heard or not expressing themselves currently or not in the
same, you know, whatever category is you like, come on, man.
We can't do that because that's what you're doing is you're, you're,
you're forcing yourself to think double and
triple about every single thing you say and whether or not you have the right to
say it, whether or not you have the right to express yourself.
Yeah. And then, then, then nobody's having fun.
That doesn't seem like a fun way to live at all. It's a terrible widow.
Catch new episodes of the Joe Rogan experience for free. Only on Spotify.
Watch back catalog J R E videos on Spotify,
including clips easily seamlessly switch between video
and audio experience on Spotify.
You can listen to the JRE in the background while using other apps and can
download episodes to save on data costs. All for free.
Spotify is absolutely free.
You don't have to have a premium account to watch new JRE episodes.
You just need to search for the JRE on your Spotify app.
Go to Spotify now to get this full episode of the Joe Rogan expense.